contrib/README.md, before:

LitecoinCash Core integration/staging tree
=====================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/litecoincash-project/litecoincash.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/litecoincash-project/litecoincash)

https://litecoinca.sh

What is LitecoinCash?
---------------------

Litecoin Cash is a SHA256 fork of Litecoin. For full details, as well as prebuilt binaries for 
Windows, Mac and Linux, please visit our website.

Litecoin Cash Core is the full node software that makes up the backbone of the LCC network.

License
-------

LitecoinCash Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/litecoincash-project/litecoincash/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of LitecoinCash Core.

To contact the developers, please use the community channels shown on our website.

Translations
------------

We only accept translation fixes that are submitted through [Bitcoin Core's Transifex page](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin/).
Translations are converted to LitecoinCash periodically.

Translations are periodically pulled from Transifex and merged into the git repository. See the
[translation process](doc/translation_process.md) for details on how this works.

**Important**: We do not accept translation changes as GitHub pull requests because the next
pull from Transifex would automatically overwrite them again.

Commit message:

general: initial rename LCC -> NEON

contrib/README.md, after:

Neon Core integration/staging tree
=====================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/neon-project/neon.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/neon-project/neon)

https://litecoinca.sh

What is Neon?
---------------------

Neon is a SHA256 fork of Litecoin. For full details, as well as prebuilt binaries for 
Windows, Mac and Linux, please visit our website.

Neon Core is the full node software that makes up the backbone of the NEON network.

License
-------

Neon Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/neon-project/neon/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Neon Core.

To contact the developers, please use the community channels shown on our website.

Translations
------------

We only accept translation fixes that are submitted through [Bitcoin Core's Transifex page](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin/).
Translations are converted to Neon periodically.

Translations are periodically pulled from Transifex and merged into the git repository. See the
[translation process](doc/translation_process.md) for details on how this works.

**Important**: We do not accept translation changes as GitHub pull requests because the next
pull from Transifex would automatically overwrite them again.
