src/test/README.md, before:

### Compiling/running unit tests

Unit tests will be automatically compiled if dependencies were met in `./configure`
and tests weren't explicitly disabled.

After configuring, they can be run with `make check`.

To run the litecoincashd tests manually, launch `src/test/test_litecoincash`. To recompile
after a test file was modified, run `make` and then run the test again. If you
modify a non-test file, use `make -C src/test` to recompile only what's needed
to run the litecoincashd tests.

To add more litecoincashd tests, add `BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASE` functions to the existing
.cpp files in the `test/` directory or add new .cpp files that
implement new BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE sections.

To run the litecoincash-qt tests manually, launch `src/qt/test/test_litecoincash-qt`

To add more litecoincash-qt tests, add them to the `src/qt/test/` directory and
the `src/qt/test/test_main.cpp` file.

### Running individual tests

test_litecoincash has some built-in command-line arguments; for
example, to run just the getarg_tests verbosely:

    test_litecoincash --log_level=all --run_test=getarg_tests

... or to run just the doubledash test:

    test_litecoincash --run_test=getarg_tests/doubledash

Run `test_litecoincash --help` for the full list.

### Note on adding test cases

The sources in this directory are unit test cases.  Boost includes a
unit testing framework, and since litecoincash already uses boost, it makes
sense to simply use this framework rather than require developers to
configure some other framework (we want as few impediments to creating
unit tests as possible).

The build system is setup to compile an executable called "test_litecoincash"
that runs all of the unit tests.  The main source file is called
test_bitcoin.cpp, which simply includes other files that contain the
actual unit tests (outside of a couple required preprocessor
directives).  The pattern is to create one test file for each class or
source file for which you want to create unit tests.  The file naming
convention is "<source_filename>_tests.cpp" and such files should wrap
their tests in a test suite called "<source_filename>_tests".  For an
examples of this pattern, examine uint160_tests.cpp and
uint256_tests.cpp.

Add the source files to /src/Makefile.test.include to add them to the build.

For further reading, I found the following website to be helpful in
explaining how the boost unit test framework works:
[http://www.alittlemadness.com/2009/03/31/c-unit-testing-with-boosttest/](http://archive.is/dRBGf).

Commit message:

general: initial rename LCC -> NEON

src/test/README.md, after:

### Compiling/running unit tests

Unit tests will be automatically compiled if dependencies were met in `./configure`
and tests weren't explicitly disabled.

After configuring, they can be run with `make check`.

To run the neond tests manually, launch `src/test/test_neon`. To recompile
after a test file was modified, run `make` and then run the test again. If you
modify a non-test file, use `make -C src/test` to recompile only what's needed
to run the neond tests.

To add more neond tests, add `BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASE` functions to the existing
.cpp files in the `test/` directory or add new .cpp files that
implement new BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE sections.

To run the neon-qt tests manually, launch `src/qt/test/test_neon-qt`

To add more neon-qt tests, add them to the `src/qt/test/` directory and
the `src/qt/test/test_main.cpp` file.

### Running individual tests

test_neon has some built-in command-line arguments; for
example, to run just the getarg_tests verbosely:

    test_neon --log_level=all --run_test=getarg_tests

... or to run just the doubledash test:

    test_neon --run_test=getarg_tests/doubledash

Run `test_neon --help` for the full list.

### Note on adding test cases

The sources in this directory are unit test cases.  Boost includes a
unit testing framework, and since neon already uses boost, it makes
sense to simply use this framework rather than require developers to
configure some other framework (we want as few impediments to creating
unit tests as possible).

The build system is setup to compile an executable called "test_neon"
that runs all of the unit tests.  The main source file is called
test_bitcoin.cpp, which simply includes other files that contain the
actual unit tests (outside of a couple required preprocessor
directives).  The pattern is to create one test file for each class or
source file for which you want to create unit tests.  The file naming
convention is "<source_filename>_tests.cpp" and such files should wrap
their tests in a test suite called "<source_filename>_tests".  For an
examples of this pattern, examine uint160_tests.cpp and
uint256_tests.cpp.

Add the source files to /src/Makefile.test.include to add them to the build.

For further reading, I found the following website to be helpful in
explaining how the boost unit test framework works:
[http://www.alittlemadness.com/2009/03/31/c-unit-testing-with-boosttest/](http://archive.is/dRBGf).
