README.md, before:

Litecoin Cash Core integration/staging tree
===========================================

What is Litecoin Cash?
----------------------

Litecoin Cash is a fork of Litecoin supporting SHA256 PoW and Hive Mining. For full details, as well as prebuilt binaries for Windows, Mac and Linux, please visit our website at https://litecoinca.sh.

Litecoin Cash Core is the full node software that makes up the backbone of the LCC network.

License
-------

Litecoin Cash Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/litecoincash-project/litecoincash/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Litecoin Cash Core.

The contribution workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

The developer [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/litecoincash-dev)
should be used to discuss complicated or controversial changes before working
on a patch set.

Developer IRC can be found on Freenode at #litecoincash-dev.

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people
lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](src/test/README.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`. Further details on running
and extending unit tests can be found in [/src/test/README.md](/src/test/README.md).

There are also [regression and integration tests](/test), written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/test) are installed) with: `test/functional/test_runner.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and OS X, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.

### Manual Quality Assurance (QA) Testing

Changes should be tested by somebody other than the developer who wrote the
code. This is especially important for large or high-risk changes. It is useful
to add a test plan to the pull request description if testing the changes is
not straightforward.

Translations
------------

Any translation corrections or expansions are welcomed as GitHub pull requests.

Commit message:

general: initial rename LCC -> NEON

README.md, after:

Neon Core integration/staging tree
===========================================

What is Neon?
----------------------

Neon is a fork of Litecoin supporting SHA256 PoW and Hive Mining. For full details, as well as prebuilt binaries for Windows, Mac and Linux, please visit our website at https://litecoinca.sh.

Neon Core is the full node software that makes up the backbone of the NEON network.

License
-------

Neon Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/neon-project/neon/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Neon Core.

The contribution workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

The developer [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/neon-dev)
should be used to discuss complicated or controversial changes before working
on a patch set.

Developer IRC can be found on Freenode at #neon-dev.

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people
lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](src/test/README.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`. Further details on running
and extending unit tests can be found in [/src/test/README.md](/src/test/README.md).

There are also [regression and integration tests](/test), written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/test) are installed) with: `test/functional/test_runner.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and OS X, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.

### Manual Quality Assurance (QA) Testing

Changes should be tested by somebody other than the developer who wrote the
code. This is especially important for large or high-risk changes. It is useful
to add a test plan to the pull request description if testing the changes is
not straightforward.

Translations
------------

Any translation corrections or expansions are welcomed as GitHub pull requests.
